grayza a country proud of its rich
heritage beautiful cities in tech plan
escapes fertile plains and of course
impressive sports accomplishments
it's one of the small countries in the
world but with its annual beer
consummation it belongs to the top beer
drinking countries
just as elsewhere in Croatia to the
dominant beer types are you Elijah's
where as specialty beers are represented
with only 2% of country's total beer
sales craft beers also represented
within those 2%
but things are changing with tremendous
speed thanks to a growing number of beer
lovers beer geeks and an excellent home
brewing scene in Croatia
the demand for craft beer is in a state
of rapid increase all those things
resulted in an ever growing number of
beer shops with an excellent craft beer
offer while craft brewing is already
present in all the regions countries
it's still non-existent in Croatia if a
local fence is to have a pint of craft
beer their only option is buying
imported craft beer
it's time for changes NOAA room the
craft brewery is here to create the
domestic craft will offer
hi everyone I'm Mauro and now Miroslav
we are the founders of Lola Rhonda
graphically this that was know around
that because I loved reindeer and known
to grow it here information to
experience building the best possible
make the deer has to be fresh the most
fresh beer is not fear or hope you're
honest most flavors are the most intense
we can already won't start production
but for the placement of fresh draft
beer we need your help I need to buy
more ex-drug beer systems and Caguas
support us but eating some of the
coolest rewards we can prepare for you
we have t-shirts vines and you have an
opportunity to give name from one of our
peers the nation isn't only where you
can help us spread the word about our
campaign tell our friends about it you
can share us you can like us on Facebook
you can fit us everything counts
we appreciate your support